Notes on "QUADS" programs,  tests etc.

quads.h/cc implement quadratic integers in one of the 9 class numer 1
fields.  Must be initialised with one of the 9 numbers 1, 2, 3, 7, 11,
19, 43, 67, 163.   Test program tquads.

ratquads.h implements "rational quads" i.e. ratios of quads.  Test
with tratquads.

mquads.h/cc implement multiprecision versions of quads.h/cc.  Test
with tmquads.  N.B.  None of the other programs use these yet -- they
will be needed for elliptic curve programs which are not yet ready.

looper.h/cc implement an easy way of sysematically looping through all
quads with norms in a given range, up to units and conjugates.  This
should be extended to allow both conjugates to be used if required.

Modular symbol programs (fields 1,2,3,7,11 only at present):

modtest  tests basic modular arithmetic.  Run on a range of norms;
should give OK for each.  With verbose=1 also gives info about
divisors etc.

symbtest tests basic modular symbol generation and routines.  Test as
before. 

homtest finds dimension of space of cusp forms of weight 2 at a given
level (group Gamma_0(level) always).  "plusspace=1" means only find
forms invariant under unit involution, i.e. invariant under GL rather
than SL.

tmanin is the main program despite its name ("test manin"); as well as
finding the homspace as in homtest (plusspace) it eliminates oldforms
and computes Hecke operators.  (Primes are numbered from 0, so to get
the first 50 ap answer "0 49" to the prompt) For this you MUST have
run it on all divisors of the level first (i.e. all divisors where
there are newforms), so it is best to run it systematically over all
levels of norm up to some bound.  Unfortunately it is currently
necessary to have the oldforms data for conjugate levels too.  (e.g.
(7+4i)(1+i) = 3+11i so to run 3+11i successfully you should have
previously run 7+4i, but to run 3-11i or 11+3i you need to have run
4+7i).  The oldform data is stored in files in subdirectories eigs1,
eigs2, ..., eigs 11 which should be created.

testlf1: for a level for which quite a few eigenvalues have been
computed and stored using tmanin, run this to compute periods etc.

